40 seconds everything ready with the
launching
you look for a change of air pluton is one
of the most isolated places in the system
solar
is smaller than our moon and never
has received no visits from
the earth
till the date
yes
ah
hello everyone i'm mauricio mpg 228 today
I bring you a new video I love you
say that today is a historic day for
astronomy today after nine years
which it was launched ship new horizon if
85 years of its discovery in 1930
we have seen how is plutón at 6 and 49
am Peruvian hour today July 14,
2015 the ship ni war and songs that was
launched in 2006 has approached only 12
thousand 500 kilometers and he has sent us the
sharpest picture of this dwarf planet
that we've never seen and that's not all
during the next days we will receive
more pictures after this approach
the ship photographing some bodies
of the belt of kuiper like hedgehog
Charon until about 2020
I leave with the photos photos
ah
let's see
yes
ah
If you liked the video, let me like it
do not forget to subscribe to my channel
you will find more of these videos until the
next